docs: add Terraform/OpenTofu provider page (#2967)
seerr-team/seerr: docs/extending-seerr/terraform-provider.mdx

---

> title: Terraform/OpenTofu Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Terraform/OpenTofu Provider (Advanced)
```

description: Manage Seerr settings and integrations with the community Terraform/OpenTofu provider.
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Terraform/OpenTofu Provider

> The community-maintained [Seerr Terraform/OpenTofu provider](https://search.opentofu.org/provider/josh-archer/seerr/latest) can manage Seerr settings and integrations from infrastructure-as-code workflows.

Reviewer: Can you move this paragraph under the warning message ?

:::info

> This provider is maintained separately from Seerr. Please report bugs or feature requests in the [provider repository](https://github.com/Josh-Archer/terraform-provider-seerr).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
This provider is maintained by the community, not by the Seerr team. Please report bugs or feature requests in the [provider repository](https://github.com/Josh-Archer/terraform-provider-seerr).
```

:::

## Basic Example

Configure the provider with your Seerr URL and API key, then manage Seerr resources in the same configuration as the rest of your infrastructure.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    seerr = {
      source = "registry.opentofu.org/josh-archer/seerr"
    }
  }
}

variable "seerr_api_key" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

provider "seerr" {
  url                  = "https://seerr.example.com"
  api_key              = var.seerr_api_key
  insecure_skip_verify = false # Set to true for self-signed certificates.
}

resource "seerr_main_settings" "main" {
  app_title               = "Seerr"
  application_url         = "https://seerr.example.com"
  locale                  = "en"
  movie_requests_enabled  = true
  series_requests_enabled = true
}
```

The provider also includes resources and data sources for common Seerr integrations:

- Plex
- Jellyfin
- Emby
- Radarr
- Sonarr
- Tautulli
- Notifications
- Users
- Permissions
- Requests
- Issues

> - Background job schedules

Reviewer: Maybe add something like `and many more.` at the end so we don’t need to update this list whenever new resources are added ?

## Basic Example

Configure the provider with your Seerr URL and API key, then manage Seerr resources in the same configuration as the rest of your infrastructure.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    seerr = {
      source = "registry.opentofu.org/josh-archer/seerr"
    }
  }
}

variable "seerr_api_key" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

provider "seerr" {
  url                  = "https://seerr.example.com"
  api_key              = var.seerr_api_key
  insecure_skip_verify = false # Set to true for self-signed certificates.
}

resource "seerr_main_settings" "main" {
  app_title               = "Seerr"
  application_url         = "https://seerr.example.com"
  locale                  = "en"
  movie_requests_enabled  = true
  series_requests_enabled = true
}
```

The provider also includes resources and data sources for common Seerr integrations:

- Plex
- Jellyfin
- Emby
- Radarr
- Sonarr
- Tautulli
- Notifications
- Users
- Permissions
- Requests
- Issues
- Background job schedules
- And many more.

> See the [provider documentation](https://search.opentofu.org/provider/josh-archer/seerr/latest/docs) for the full resource and data source reference.

Reviewer: The link looks dead on my side is it expected ?
Also does it make sense to keep this link with the paragraph line 13 ?

Author: Ah yeah, typo. Nice catch!. I agree, removing.
